Remove `unwind` (#156)
WebAssembly/exception-handling: proposals/exception-handling/Exceptions.md

If control is transferred to the body of a catch block, and the last instruction
in the body is executed, control then exits the try block.

If the selected catch block does not throw an exception, it must yield the

> value(s) expected by the corresponding catching try block.

Reviewer: This might be clearer:

```suggestion
value(s) specified by the type annotation on the corresponding catching try block.
```
